gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Compra.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Compra
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/exception/ExceptionResponse.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.exception.ExceptionResponse
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Producto.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Producto
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/filter/AuthorizationFilter.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.filter.AuthorizationFilter
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/configuration/SecurityConfiguration.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.configuration.SecurityConfiguration
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/service/AuthenticationService.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.service.AuthenticationService
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/configuration/OpenAPIConfiguration.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.configuration.OpenAPIConfiguration
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/repository/CompraRepository.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.repository.CompraRepository
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/controller/UserController.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.controller.UserController
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/Application.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.Application
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/CompraInput.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.CompraInput
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/exception/ErrorCodes.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.exception.ErrorCodes
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Fecha.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Fecha
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/configuration/AppConfig.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.configuration.AppConfig
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/service/UserService.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.service.UserService
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/controller/CompraController.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.controller.CompraController
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/exception/CustomErrorHandler.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.exception.CustomErrorHandler
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/interceptor/BodyInterceptor.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.interceptor.BodyInterceptor
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/filter/AuthenticationFilter.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.filter.AuthenticationFilter
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Usuario.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Usuario
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/exception/ThrowHttpError.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.exception.ThrowHttpError
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/service/CompraService.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.service.CompraService
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/repository/UserRepository.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.repository.UserRepository
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/service/PatchUtils.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.service.PatchUtils
